Welcome back.
Now I'm going to show you how to use the password, a hash in a complete log in registration system.
So I have you created these two files, one file called register that BHP and the other file is log
in that BHP.
So here what I changed is that this form is going to be handled by using the register that BGP, which
is this file.
So we I have already shown you this code.
So here what I'm doing is that I'm taking the password from the user, this password, and I'm hashing
this password using the password hash.
So this is what I'm doing here.
Whereas in the log in, the difference is that here in the log in, what I'm doing is that after I get
the password from the database, I'm using a function called password to verify.
And then I'm verifying the password that I was given by the user.
This is the password that I was given by the user.
And as you can see, what I'm doing here is that I'm using the real scape string function to escape
the string and make sure that the user will not be using any script instead of the password.
And then I'm here.
Here, I'm a match, and I'm trying to match the password that the user has given me with it.
With the with the password that has already been stored in the database by Y.
Once the user created the password, once the user data the account, because once the user huskey that
an account a password was stored.
Right.
And here I'm getting the password using the select username email password from the database where the
user email is equal to the email.
And then I'm getting the name and the email and the password from the database.
And then here I'm trying to match whether the password match or whether the password that, that the
user has just given me matches the password that the user registered with or not.
So if the password, the user that the user has just given me matches the one that the matches the password
that the user has created while registering then logged in will be successful.
Else here I'm going to say failed.
So this is all of what the script is going to do.
And the most important part here is verifying the password.
So here I'm using the password verify.
And again, notice that I'm using the real escape stream.
And also it's better to use here.
To use.
My excu il i.
And again.
Real escape stream because again, because whenever the user provides you with with with something you
need to escape, use their escape stream.
And whenever you are echoing something, it's better to use HD email entities.
It's the email entities and then.
User email.
And also here it's email entities, user username.
And similarly with the registration we need, it's better here to use the the minus ill.
I real skip string even though I'm using here the proper function.
But it's important to use their use the skip string in order to avoid the the the excess attacks.
It's it's a great way an easy way to.
To protect against that type of attack.
And also also here, whenever you are echoing something, it's important to use the real skip sink unless
you are echoing something that you have typed.
For example, here I am echoing a simple text that I have written, so there is no need to use the e-mail
entities here in this case.
Let me now save and let me show you how this is going to work.
So here, let me give you the new account.
First, I'm going to go to four slash register.
That BHP.
Because remember I created a new file called Register that BHP.
Now let me create an account, a new account.
I'm going to say here, Mark on.
And then mark one at example dot com and then here I'm going to give you the new password and then I'm
going to click on register.
As you can see, it's going to say your account has been created successfully.
Let's check that in the database.
Now, if I click on users, if I refresh the user stable, a new account should be there, as you can
see in your account.
Mark one mark at the example account and the password is hashed.
As you can see, the password is encrypted.
Now, in order to in order to log in, suppose that Mark wants to log in, Denmark would have to go
to log in that each week.
So now in the log in, that B2B mark would have to type his email and password.
So let me here say mark one at example dot com because this is Mark's account, this is Mark's email
and then the password.
I'm going to type the password that I just registered with.
Now if the password is correct, if I click on log in and the password is correct, it's going to say
logged in successfully and it's going to provide me with my email and my user name.
And as you can see, this function in the log in this function password to verify would verify whether
a user whether the password matches the one that is in the database or not, because this function is
going to is going to kind of decrypt the the password and try to match that password with the with the
password that the user is going to provide me.
And if the password is incorrect, let me show you what's going to happen.
So let me refresh the log in page one more time.
Allow me.
Here, try to.
Type incorrect password.
I'm going to say mark one at the example that com and then I'm going to type a wrong password here and
then I'm going to click on log in.
If the password is wrong, it's going to say failed.
So this is going to this is how it works and this is going to prevent users who provide us with wrong
passwords to log in.
So this is how you can store passwords in your database in a in a in a in an encrypted form.
And also, this is how you can verify, verify their their their accounts when they try to log into
your system.
So these things are very important.
You need to make sure that the password is hashed.
You need to make sure that you are using the these functions.
You need to make sure that you are using your following the techniques that they have shown you.
You need to make sure that you are using the entities function whenever you are echoing something.
All of these things are important in order to avoid any potential attacks and modifying your code and
re reviewing your code regularly is important because you always need to make sure that your code is
secure enough and will not be attacked from any hacker.
And any hacker would not be able to break into your system because of bad practices that you have in
your website or web application.